what are the numbers mean after a lady's
name Eddie I am so busy right now
says here 40 1835 Holy Smoke who's that
it's the numbers game play by the number
one bachelor father of the year and a
galaxy of the hottest numbers you've
ever met a bewitching flaw a beautiful
brunette a ravishing redhead everything
you see here it's me gosh I think she's
lonesome even with all that red hair are
you lonely dad sometimes you want you
come right out last dolly to live with
us I happen to know this living doll
everybody's trying to play cupid for
Glenn for first is the curl next door
lovely Shirley Jones provocative Dina
Merrill is a fashion designer who has
designs on patio does he act that way
around all your friends well it depends
what they have in mind even his
housekeeper has her say you better watch
out for the floozies what
there's women who would marry you this
very minute for the equipment you have
in this apartment the courtship of
eddie's father brings together two of
the most delightful fun stars of recent
years Stella Stevens and Jerry Van Dyke
all right now move straight forward from
the hips see where my hips are oh I do I
do
first time in my life I'm in love she
real pretty she's beautiful well set
from behind behind girls aren't so
pretty from behind dad that's our boy
Ronny Howard the popular young Opie of
The Andy Griffith Show portrays Eddie Oh
a chip off the old block look would you
please let me think about Eddie for a
change he is my son isn't he
everybody knocking him back and forth
bouncing him back and forth all is this
to get to me to get to me yes
irresistible Don Juan lines of women
climbing all over children to swoon at
your feet
you